Introduction
Sorry! is an excellent board game that is simple to learn and play, but has enough detail in it to be fun even for people who like complex strategy. 
It plays very quickly, and is a good warm-up game for groups of four.

A 'Sorry!' board.
It has several important features listed below.

The Start Spaces
You start out with all three of your pawns on your Start. They can be seen as numbers in your start square. Click your starting square to move a pawn out onto the board. This will cost a turn!

The Open Track
The squares around the edge of the board are called the open track. This is where most movement occurs during the game.

The Slides
Some parts of the open track have "slides" on them. The triangular ends of the slides are the start of each slide. The circular ends of the slides are the end of each slide. More about using slides, later.

The Safety Zones
The safety zones are the colored squares leading to your home. You may only enter your own safety zone. You must enter it from where it joins the open track. 
While one of your pawns is in your safety zone, no other player can affect that pawn.

The Home Spaces
The ultimate goal of the game is to get all three of your pawns onto your Home space. More about Home under "How do You Win...".

The Pawns
Each player has three pawns of a color that matches the side of the board in front of that player. These pawns all start out on the Start space of their respective color. 
Two pawns even of the same color cannot be on the same space one will be sent back to the starting zone.

The Cards
A Sorry! Card deck for this game is replaced with a random number generator. So no need to draw cards! 
There is one Special Sorry card that you can use to swap positions with any other piece on the board so keep your eyes peeled!

How Do You Play Sorry!?
Each player picks a color. Red will always go first for this version of the game.
On Your Turn
Move one of your pawns according to its instructions. If you cannot move any of your pawns according to those instructions, you can press the space bar to forfiet your turn.
Click your piece once in order to highlight the space you are going to move to, then click a second time to move to that highlighted space.
If any player's pawn ends a turn at the start of a slide that has your color, that pawn slides to the end of that slide. Any pawns in the middle of the slide are sent back to their respective Starts.
If any player's pawn passes or stops on a square that is occupied by another pawn, the pawn that was landed on is sent back to the appropriate Start.

The Meanings of the Cards
Sorry!
Choose a pawn, place it on any open track space that is occupied by an opponent's pawn, and send the opposing pawn back to Start.

The "Safety Zone" and "Home"
You may enter your safety zone only by moving forward, pawns in your safety zone cannot be affected by Sorry cards or other pieces. To get into the Home you need the exact number of moves. 
When you can score a point your piece after the first click will have a cyan box will apear at the end of your safe zone.

How Do You Win a Game of Sorry!?
If you get all three of your pawns onto your Home, you win!

